right I'm an idiot
base I'm just gonna level with you right
up front i i am a certified idiot i
backed out of my garage the other day
forgot the little book that i keep my my
stuff in it's a daytime i'll admit it i
don't have the electric thing i had the
electric thing but i cannot hang on the
little pencil so i just have a book and
I put all my appointments and they're
forgotten I mean I am totally disorient
I can't go anywhere I'm paralyzed
I don't know I don't know what to do I
thought well maybe it's in the back seat
I thought I'm looking in the back seat
so i unbuckled my seatbelt and I bent
over in the back seat I'm digging in the
back seat looking for my ID a timer
I left my car in gear that's what idiots
do I got my head buried in the back seat
my car is moving down the street 5 maybe
10 miles an hour I'm not sure of the
exact speed because I can't really see
with that part of my body I was digging
for my paid time
I found my de Tamra's so excited and
then out of the corner of my eye I saw
stuff moving past the window now I'm a
college graduate I drew a conclusion my
cards moving
I turned to step on the brakes I did not
get there in time
my car hit a light post less than a
block from our house you ever had your
airbag go off
it's not funny there's nothing funny I
don't know what you're laughing about
there on TV they make it look like fun
because they show it in slow motion have
you seen the ads on TV comes out like
some kind of slow-motion marshmallow
just come to look at me when I'm talking
about it's not like that that's what you
don't see it coming you don't hear it
coming all you know is that your nose
hurts worse than it's ever hurt in your
life I couldn't open my eyes for ten
minutes because my glasses were embedded
in my head